UNR-1404 Schema / snapshot missing check before local deployment start. (#1324)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

### Features:
- Visual Studio 2019 is now supported.

> - Schema and snapshot missing checks before local deployment start. In case of error proper log will be produced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a a check for schema and snapshot before attempting to start a local deployment. If either are missing then an error message will be displayed.
```

> - Added a a check for schema and snapshot before attempting to start a local deployment. If either are missing then an error message will be displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added a check for schema and snapshot before attempting to start a local deployment. If either are missing then an error message will be displayed.
```
